Hello Mr. Slack,

I am glad to introduce myself as a professional with Master of Science in Computer Science from University of Texas at Arlington.
I am interested in applying for the Software Engineer opportunity available at Independent Financial Partners.
I am currently employed as Software Development Intern at Sumeru Inc and as this is an intern position I am looking for full-time opportunities.
The position of Software Engineer fits well with my education and career interests.

I accepted my current position because it helped me get well acquainted with technologies like AWS EC2, CodeDeploy, Node.js, Express.js, MongDB, and RESTful APIs.
I have worked cloud platforms and I have done several projects on cloud which have provided me with better understanding of cloud implementation.
I was also the Vice-President of a club in the University and we as a club aimed to create stress-free and violence-free society.

My undergraduate and graduate course work and projects in addition to my work experience have helped me to set up a strong foundation to grow in
Software development (Java, Python, Javascript ), Cloud Computing (AWS, IBM Bluemix, Heroku) and Data Analytics (Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, Zookeeper, Hive, SQL, NoSQL, MongoDB).
As a Technical Operations Student Associate, I got acquainted with enterprise software like PeopleSoft, FileZilla, Discoverer etc. and honed my SQL skills
at the same time learnt more about project management and developed good work ethic. All this while maintaining my GPA at 3.67 and excelling in my academics.
When working in Accenture India, I gained experience in aspects like Software Development Life Cycle and Software Maintenance while being a team player.

I am looking forward to discuss this position if given the opportunity. Feel free to contact me at +1-682-313-1517 or akshay.gawali@mavs.uta.edu.
I will follow up next week to check the status of your search. Thank you for considering my application.

I chose python language for the refactoring exercise.

Sincerely,
Akshay Gawali.
